README.rst, before:

.. default-role:: code

About PyGeoprocessing
=====================

PyGeoprocessing is a Python/Cython based library that provides a set of commonly
used raster, vector, and hydrological operations for GIS processing.  Similar
functionality can be found in ArcGIS/QGIS raster algebra, ArcGIS zonal
statistics, and ArcGIS/GRASS/TauDEM hydrological routing routines.

PyGeoprocessing was developed at the Natural Capital Project to create a
programmable, open source, and free GIS processing library to support the
ecosystem service software InVEST.  PyGeoprocessing's design prioritizes
computation and memory efficient runtimes, easy installation and cross
compatibility with other open source and proprietary software licenses, and a
simplified set of orthogonal GIS processing routines that interact with GIS data
via filename. Specifically the functionally provided by PyGeoprocessing includes

* programmable raster algebra routine (vectorize_datasets)
* routines for simplified raster creation and statistics
* integration with vector based geometry in many of the routines
* a simplified hydrological routing library including,
   + d-infinity flow direction
   + support for plateau drainage
   + weighted and unweighted flow accumulation
   + and weighted and unweighted flow distance

Dependencies include

* cython>=0.20.2
* numpy>=1.8.2
* scipy>=0.13.3
* shapely>=1.3.3
* gdal>=1.10.1

Installing PyGeoprocessing
==========================

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install pygeoprocessing


If you `import pygeoprocessing` and see a `ValueError: numpy.dtype has the 
wrong size, try recompiling`, this is the result of a version compatibility
issue with the numpy ABI in the precompiled pygeoprocessing binaries.
The solution is to recompile pygeoprocessing on your computer:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip uninstall -y pygeoprocessing
    $ pip install pygeoprocessing --no-deps --no-binary :all:

Commit message:

re #64 adding test percentage coverage

README.rst, after:

.. default-role:: code

About PyGeoprocessing
=====================

|test_coverage_badge|

.. |test_coverage_badge| image:: http://builds.naturalcapitalproject.org:9931/jenkins/c/http/builds.naturalcapitalproject.org/job/test-pygeoprocessing/label=GCE-windows-1/
  :target: http://builds.naturalcapitalproject.org/job/test-pygeoprocessing/label=GCE-windows-1


PyGeoprocessing is a Python/Cython based library that provides a set of commonly
used raster, vector, and hydrological operations for GIS processing.  Similar
functionality can be found in ArcGIS/QGIS raster algebra, ArcGIS zonal
statistics, and ArcGIS/GRASS/TauDEM hydrological routing routines.

PyGeoprocessing was developed at the Natural Capital Project to create a
programmable, open source, and free GIS processing library to support the
ecosystem service software InVEST.  PyGeoprocessing's design prioritizes
computation and memory efficient runtimes, easy installation and cross
compatibility with other open source and proprietary software licenses, and a
simplified set of orthogonal GIS processing routines that interact with GIS data
via filename. Specifically the functionally provided by PyGeoprocessing includes

* programmable raster algebra routine (vectorize_datasets)
* routines for simplified raster creation and statistics
* integration with vector based geometry in many of the routines
* a simplified hydrological routing library including,
   + d-infinity flow direction
   + support for plateau drainage
   + weighted and unweighted flow accumulation
   + and weighted and unweighted flow distance

Dependencies include

* cython>=0.20.2
* numpy>=1.8.2
* scipy>=0.13.3
* shapely>=1.3.3
* gdal>=1.10.1

Installing PyGeoprocessing
==========================

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install pygeoprocessing


If you `import pygeoprocessing` and see a `ValueError: numpy.dtype has the
wrong size, try recompiling`, this is the result of a version compatibility
issue with the numpy ABI in the precompiled pygeoprocessing binaries.
The solution is to recompile pygeoprocessing on your computer:

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip uninstall -y pygeoprocessing
    $ pip install pygeoprocessing --no-deps --no-binary :all:
